Capture Light:
light Sensor(consists of many pixels)

Resolve the Image:
When very small, the Aperture restricts the amount of light hitting the sensor to a minimum, but also lets the camera capture the entire scene in focus, as each pixel can only see a small part(feature) of the scene.
 
Capture Time:
Between the Sensor and the Aperture is a shutter.

Exposure:
The more light that the pixel is exposed, the brighter the pixel will be in the resulting picture.
Under Exposed, Good Exposed, Over Exposed.
Described by Stops(光圈系数), which is a relatibe measure where one Stop describes a doubling or halving of light.
Doubling the light(increasing the exposure by one Stop) can be Compensated by Half the light (decreasing the exposure by one Stop).

Q:how can be exposure be changed?

Shutter Speed(proportional to exposure):
Fast moveing object(peopellors) with slow Shutter Speed, the picture will be blur.
Changing the shutter speed alse change the exposure. To make the both images (slow and fast shutter speed) have the same exposure, ISO was applied to comopensate.
DJI's Zenmuse X5 camera has a shutter speed range of 1/8000 seconds(fast) to 8 seconds(slow).

ISO(proportional to exposure):
Pixel Amplification is called ISO. Increasing ISO will increase exposure, but will also make the noise in the image more Noticeable resulting in grainy pictures.
Typically ISO is set as LOW as possible to achieve the Cleanest image and is used to increase exposure as a Last Resort.
DJI's Zenmuse X5 has an ISO range from 100(low noise) to 25600(high noise)

Aperture:
Another way to increase the aperture.
f-number(f-stops), f/1.4 is large aperture and f/22 is a small aperture.
f-number(N) = lens focal length(f) / aperture diameter(D)
written as f/N
To double the amount of light, the aperture aera must be doubled, the D increases by a factor of 1.414(square root of 2), N decreases by a factor of 1/1.414.
A lens can be used to bring parts of the scene back into focus.
Depth of Field(景深) - The difference in focus between features at different distances from the camera
smaller aperture, deeper depth of field.
DJI's Zenmuse X5 has an aperture ajustable from f/1.7(large) to f/16 (small)

Trade-off Between Aperture, Shutter, ISO:
Aperture, shutter speed and ISO need to balanced to achieve a good exposure.

Field of View and Focal Length:
The Field of view defines the extent of a scene a camera can capture and is measured in degrees.
Focal length - the distance between a lens and its focal plane(the sensor is at the focal plane).
As the focal length increases, the field of view decreases.

