AirLink:
describes the wireless ling between aircraft, remote controllers, hanheld cameras and mobile devices.
1.WiFi
2.OcuSync
3.LightBridge
4.Auxiliary

WiFi:
In case of Aircraft, the remote controller acts as a WiFi access point(AP) and the aircraft and mobile device join it as clients. Some aricraft asle act as the AP, allowing the mobile devive to connect directly.
Handheld Device Osmo acts as a AP, the mobile device joins the Osmo AP as a client.
can be customized: SSID, passward, WiFi Frequency Band(Osmo Only)

OcuSync:
Part of the LightBridge family.
performs far better then WiFi transmission at all transmission speed.
more effective digital compression and channel transmission technologies.
When ..., OcuSync further than analog at 4.1mi(7km)
Before taking off, OcuSync will automatically scan the environment and choose the Frequency Band with Lowest Interference.
During a flightb, it sends key flight parameter back in the SDK and support a maxium download speed of  40Mb/s（5MB）for photos and videos.
Different from WiFi(using traditional protocol stack), OcuSync uses Cross-Layer Protocol, can establish or re-establish links within 1 second.
As well as P2P video transmission, OcuSync also support wireless connection to multiple devices.

Light Bridge:
for long range, robust aerial communication in the 2.4GHZ band.
has 8 selectable channels. can be doned manually or left to the radio to determine what channel has the least interference.

Lightbridge Accessory:
Lightbridge2 can be integrated into airframes such as the S1000. Lightbridge2 consists of a module mounts on the aircraft and a remote controller for ground control.
To relay remote control commands to the aircraft, and relay telemetry and video data to remotre controller.
2 Addtional features in live video stream:
(1)Multiple videos inputs on the aircraft can be combined into a picture in picture live video stream.
(2)An on-screen-display(OSD) mode overlays aircraft attitude information onto the live video stream.

Picture in Picture:
The video streams from both cameras can be combined into a single live stream with one stream inside the other in Picture in Picture or PIP mode.

OSD - On Screen Display:
real time aircraft state information (like altitude, attitude etc.) is overlaid on the live video stram.

Auxiliary (used simultaneously with WiFi):
The auxiliary link is a low bandwidth, but very robust link that carries control information critical to aircraft operation only. The WiFi is higer bandwidth but is less robust.


